[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2003 swashbuckler film Pirates
of the Caribbean the curse of the Black
Pearl so let's get started in the early
18th century governor swamp his daughter
Elizabeth and Lieutenant Norrington
encounter a shipwreck and recover a boy
will Turner Elizabeth discovers a golden
pirate medallion around his neck and
sees a ghost ship later revealed as a
black pearl
vanished into the fog eight years later
Norrington proposes to Elizabeth she
faints and falls into the sea while
wearing the medallion activating it
Captain Jack Sparrow who's arrived to
commandeer ship rescued her
Norrington identifies Jack and I chase
ensues Jack encounters well now a
blacksmith and a swordsman they duel and
jack is captured and imprisoned that
night the black pearl attacks searching
for the medallion the crew capture
Elizabeth and take her to their Captain
Barbossa Elizabeth trying to avoid being
taken his prisoner states her last name
is Turner however she's kidnapped
Elizabeth learns that the crew are
cursed as in mortals after stealing
treasure and to lift the curse they need
to return all the gold pieces with the
blood of the owner of each piece
Elizabeth's medallion is the final piece
will freeze jack who agrees to rescue
Elizabeth upon learning real surname the
to commandeer a ship and recruit a crew
it is revealed that wills father was a
pirate and that Jack was Captain of
Black Pearl until barbosa
mutiny and marooned him the bosun
sacrifices Elizabeth blood and the final
gold piece however the curse is not
lifted as an abelian belong to wills
father making will the owner by
bloodline will makes a deal with
Barbossa to release Elizabeth in
exchange for his blood Barbossa Maroons
Jack and Elizabeth on the island Jack
was left on before Norrington comes to
rescue and is convinced to return for
will when Elizabeth accepts his marriage
proposal Jack Elizabeth and will duel
with Barbossa and his crew
for both the stats jack the jack reveals
that he has taken a piece of gold as
part of a coup answer box
Jack shoots Barbosa will sacrifices the
medallion with his blood on it
lifting the curse the both had died from
the gunshot wound and the rest of his
crew is defeated by the Navy Jack is to
be hanged for piracy but Elizabeth and
will help him escape
Elizabeth declares her love for well and
Jack dies and to see to escape aboard
the Black Pearl governor Swann gives
Elizabeth his blessing to marry well
Anna post-credits scene barbosa's pet
monkey Jack steals piece of gold from
the chest and regains immortality so
that was aspires for Pirates of the
Caribbean the curse of the Black Pearl
if you have a film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie spoiler alerts for
my various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]